alright guys well today I am going to
show you how to install the battery
plugin it's a SE plugin for your PSP
running on custom firmware what it does
is simply you're going to hit the home
button and what's going to come up is a
little menu that shows your battery
percentage down in the bottom right hand
corner of your PSP screen and it's going
to show your battery percentage and if
you hit the L&R buttons you can see it
displays your percentage and your CPU
speed and what you're at with your XMB
you can use this in game but I wouldn't
really recommend it because it happens
to give some problems with the game so
it's mostly a SC plugin for your X and B
screen but more or less I'm going to
show you how to install this on your PSP
so here we go alright so here we are at
the PSP and let's see system settings
and scroll down to system information
and you'll see that I am running on 5.50
genndy - let's see well done you did to
do five point five gem D - that's my
custom firmware and also going to do now
is connect a USB cable to my PSP and
then come to the computer and so finally
I'm going to have you download is right
here it's 5 KB it's one two nine five
five battery zero zero two one
are AR double click on that and I'll get
that out of the way to do and I read my
file and inside here you are going to
see the battery prx and the vs h dot txt
put this on the side for now and open up
my computer and go to
we'll drive for your PSP and if you
haven't already create a folder all in
lowercase letters called se plugins open
up that folder and simply all you're
gonna do is take your battery TRX from
the extraction program and drag and drop
that into your SE plugins folder and I
already done that so I'm just gonna hit
no but as you can see the battery prx
right there and there now what you're
going to want to do is if you haven't
take this vsh text and if you open this
up you will see written inside it it is
the MS 0 colon slash SE plugin slash
battery dot PR x space 1 if you haven't
got vsh text in your su plugins folder
just drag and drop that over like you
would with the battery PR X if you do
select all of this right click and hit
copy and let's see minimize that
actually I'll fix it that close that and
then open up your vash text in your SE
plugins folder on the PSP memory stick
and inside you will just right click and
then paste but I've already done that
and you'll see MS 0 : / se plugins /
battery PR x space 1 written in your vs
h text as well now if you want to put it
in your game just right click and make a
new text document and call it game all
in lowercase dot txt and open that up
and write the same thing in there but I
wouldn't recommend it just because there
are some problems so we're gonna exit
that and I'm just a stretch program and
let's come back to the PSP lesson back
at the PSP we're going to exit USB mode
here and simply also going to do is hit
select and go to my Vash menu and I'm
just going to reboot the device and it
depends on what firmware you're running
on hold down the art trigger while
rebooting the device oh damn it hold on
device hold down your art trigger after
hitting removed device and your recovery
menu should come up it depends on what
firmware you're on if you're on my
firmware it'll automatically be enabled
but just to make sure go to your
recovery menu and scroll down to plugins
and scroll down until you see the
battery PR X with brackets VSH and make
sure that is enabled it is already
enabled so I'm going to go back and I'm
going to exit the recovery menu this
will reset and now if we hit the home
button on the VSH menu watch the lower
right-hand corner here where my thumb is
you will see a little screen come up and
it will show your charge level and your
minutes left and if you hit the L button
it will go away if you hit home again
come on right hit home again hit the R
button it'll show your CPU speed which
is at 333 for me and then it shows who
it's made by and then back to your
battery percentage and you're going to
select fit the L button to exit or the
home button to exit and you should be
good so that's that plugin so you don't
have to scroll all the way over here and
all the way to system settings and then
all the way down here at battery
information see what your percentage is
so yeah that's the battery se plugin for
your PSP so that's that I will have a
link to this on the side of my video on
how to download this and also a brief
description on what you need to do and
right so basically that's that about
sums it up so yeah I hope this plugin is
useful to you guys and yeah so thanks
for watching if you have any questions
send me a comment on this video or a
message I'll be happy to answer to you
if you want to stay up to date subscribe
to my channel and there be more PSP
videos to come and if you have any ideas
for any other videos that you would like
or any not like Diesel ask questions but
like specific questions that are
to answer and you're looking for
something maybe like a video response or
something to your question just leave me
a comment on my channel and I will get
back to you as soon as I can I'm fed up
with work for a while so this is my
first chance to getting out to you guys
and letting you know what's going on but
more videos coming your way soon so take
it easy
Jeff three and six oh my god that was my
old channel my bad chattering three
three three now signing off to youtube
and i'll see you guys soon thanks again